##SetupThe game is stored in the zip folder ConcentrationCommandos.zip. First, the folder called “Concentration Commandos” must be extracted from the zip folder. Download LÖVE and drag the folder called “Concentration Commandos” onto the LÖVE desktop icon in order to start the game. ##Game ManualThe game is structured as a 2D fighting game in the style of Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat. There are four different playable characters, in the themes of different concentrations as well as one that is David Malan. There are always two human players facing off against one another. Players are allowed to move left and right, jump, block, and attack. There are two attacks: normal attack and special attack. Every character shares the same normal attack, while each character has a different special attack. Each attack has a cooldown of varying length after being used where they cannot be used again for a certain period of time. The character called STEM’s special attack shoots a large slow-moving laser horizontally, but this has a long cooldown. The character called Humanities’s special attack can shoot a fast, arced book projectile with a lower cooldown. The character called Econ’s special attack can project a snake as a sword-like attack in front of himself for a moment, and this attack moves with him while it is active, with a long cooldown. The character called David Malan is unique for not having an offensive special attack (so he must win rounds using the normal attack), but a dash that moves him forward or back very quickly with a short cooldown. All special attacks may be used while blocking, normal attacking, or in the air, and can be used in either a left or right direction (facing depending on the previous direction that that player moved). Blocks are effective against special attacks, but not normal attacks, however the normal attack is harder to use because of its shorter range. Blocks or normal attacks remain active until the player moves or jumps, unless the movement is through David Malan’s dash move. Players may only block while on the ground. One landed normal attack or unblocked hit from a special attack always wins the round for the player who landed the hit, and the first to win seven rounds wins the game. This makes the game very fast-paced.The title screen of the game displays the title and controls of the game. Player 1’s controls are as follows: A to move left, D to move right, W to jump, S to block, F to use your normal attack, and D to use your special attack. Player 2’s controls are as follows: left arrow key to move left, right arrow key to move right, up arrow key to jump, down arrow key to block, K to use your normal attack, and L to use your special attack. Press enter to continue to character selection. Also, at any stage of the game, pressing escape will close it.The character selection screen displays the appearance and names of all four characters. Player 1 may press W to select STEM, D to select Humanities, A to select David Malan, and S to select Econ. Player 2 may press the up arrow key to select STEM, the right arrow key to select Humanities, the left arrow key to select David Malan, and the down arrow key to select Econ. A cursor for P1 and P2 appear under the character that is currently selected for each. Press enter to continue to the ready phase.The ready phase loads both selected characters onto the screen in the fighting arena, with player 1 on the left and player 2 on the right. The number of rounds won by each player is displayed at the top of the screen during the ready, fight, and victory phases. Players cannot move in the ready phase. Press enter to begin the fight phase. In the fight phase, both players can use the controls from the title screen as described above to use the moves and attacks described above for each character. Winning a round increments the score above for the winning player and resets each player to the ready phase, also now displaying which player won the previous round. Once either player wins seven rounds, the game enters the victory phase, where the players are reset again and cannot move like the ready phase, but the winner is displayed and pressing enter will return the game to the character selection screen, where players can re-choose characters and play again.